attention some images present
in this program can hurt the
sensitivity of the youngest
if you are not 18, make sure you
to be alone during the viewing and not
do not tell your parents
the video games view in the line of
sight of nadine morano a violence that
raises more and more questions
Scenic ryan and maxim come from
to make a massacre and defense
There is a lot of judging on the market
but kind of really that's it
do not be afraid of us when they talk about it
so how do we do to find the
games they sell violent and who
turns young gamer into asia it's
yet simple
and since this is the first episode it is
of my duty to explain to you what
what is their caste in a few words
underlined by and funny music
of unknown origin the crude that accepts
or not the broadcast is all
just hate review the brutal
and bloody from all ages and if
possible a little misunderstood you would be
surprised how many super games
have gone to the trap
simply because he was old or
not well publicized in any case I will be
this gut in my task by genres
maybe if they come a day any
way I need no one I'll be
by his side so by myself since
nobody want of my case
so I know what or where there for
what a mouth me then I know what
you're going to tell me but russian that's
not a game it's a mode
what i will answer that tai chi
technique is uf or at home I
answer that certainly it's not a game
but what are we doing
finally it's the best way to
revisit a slaughter from another age is
what is strange is that I know
in fact that few people who made the
first two doom
it's true that now they can
appear as current as claude
dubois but it still remains
the epicenter of all that is child
brutal blood of the demons of the
chainsaws of demons and blood
that's all that makes the butter of this
monument thanks m did not say who will speak
is brutal dulce of double all alone that
you speak there I come I was kiko
so who is it who everyone
at my home there you come for the four
quarters that's it it's said no no then
what is a dual ramp have
you already came out an old game a little
treasure of which you were a fan being more
young did you feverishly get out of
his dusty box insert into your
machine then coming from a bruised heart
by the time you are declared feverish
oh damn it's disgusting i was a fan
of that me and very brutal doom done in
so that douma by estelle conveying
the tangos this beautiful and horny
and yeah no tutorial here my mouth quoted
skin but it's better that you fuck yourself
the barrel of their shotgun in the
you'll have a better chance of finding the
exit
he's brutally violent brutal fast violent and
bloody with a little touch of teach
mingled with a feeling of superiority
gonadic and muscular it improves
the graphics the sprites adds some
particles enhance the sound effects
who become band up possible
raju guen pc friendly who will fight to
your sides by sprinkling all of this with a
big sound band heavy metal out of a
disgusting garage lost in the depths of the
Colorado
even if
jambou plus this music of my children
die in stop for her de vergio
do not move I 'm going to vomit from the
so we end up with a dome
brought up to date
pretty staying retro with
animations well bourrine and an atmosphere
to make you grow balls on the
a bearded old school massacre carried
in the 21st century
in fact it's like we're seeing ned
stark
but on the throne of the prince of bel air
brutal mode doom also introduces a
plenty of options settings for
improve your gaming experience and I
do not talk about the experience like it
dark in bangkok at a real
experience with sweaty muscles
and bristles of sweat and hair
like the ferry actually say like
Rihouet fire but without the be
in any case if you visit the good ones
sites one could find the mode and
install it very easily and you
losing hours in
corridors covered with viscera on you
warns it's fucking addictive
here are the guys I hope it has you
it was the first episode of
breakout sounds was a pilot episode
so I'm waiting for your suggestions for
episode number 2 which is already underway
of elaboration I already have the script there
will be much longer than this one on
the utility at the test episode on which will
longer so I listen to you I read your
comments and I will try to do
a trick on which you will have your word
to say so here and forget to love
our facebook page to pass on the
mega forge point fr for pascal and
daily stream we pass movies and
where and have made big kisses ciao